GH-29 Docs refactor and graphical eternalcore docs (#29)
EternalCodeTeam/Docs: docs/eternalcore/installation.md

## ⚡ Upgrading
📝 **Note**: Before starting the upgrade, make sure you back up your EternalCore plugin configuration to avoid potential configuration conflicts.

### Step 1: Download the latest version of the plugin ⬇️
Download the latest version of EternalCore from the project website.

### Step 2: Replace the old version with the JAR file of the latest version. 💾
After downloading the JAR file of the latest version of EternalCore, place it in the `plugins` folder on your Minecraft server.

### Step 3: Restart your Minecraft server 🔄
After placing the JAR file in the plugins' folder, restart your Minecraft server. The new version of the EternalCore plugin should be automatically loaded by the server.

### Step 4: Check if the update was successful ✅
Verify that the EternalCore plugin works properly and that all functionality is available after the update.

📝 **Note**: If you experienced problems after updating the plugin, use a configuration backup to restore the previous settings and avoid data loss.

By following the steps above, you will update the EternalCore plugin on your Minecraft server.

👍 We wish you good luck with the plugin update!

## 💥 Warning!

> When managing a Minecraft server, it's important to remember about safety. Therefore, we recommend not to use the `/reload` command or plugins loaded in real-time such as PlugMan as they may cause problems with plugins and lead to unexpected errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When managing a Minecraft server, it's important to remember about safety. Therefore, we recommend not using the `/reload` command or plugins reloading in real-time such as PlugMan, as they may cause problems with plugins and lead to unexpected errors.
```
